I don't know how much rain we got last night.
It rained and rained and rained over Tulsa and Oklahoma.
So, our prayers are working.
I am so excited about all the rain we're getting.
Two days in a row we had rain.
So, I am excited about all this rain we're getting.
I'll just take about an hour or so.
I'll try not to keep you very long because it's already late.
But I'll pray until the Holy Spirit releases me to quit.
But I'm just going to jump right in the river tonight with y'all, and we're going to take communion and do our service here, getting ready for Easter.
Tomorrow is Easter, Resurrection Sunday.
Isn't this a wonderful time?
Jesus came, and He suffered, and He died for every single one of us to walk in victory.
And so I'm so excited that you're here already.
There's 1,300 here, and so I guess we'll go ahead, 1,400 now.
I got to talk to my friend Billy Burke the last two days in a row.
You know, when you get to know somebody, and finally, there's that 'trying to figure people out' mode, and then you get to the point where you let your wall down, and you're able to really talk to somebody and be real.
That's where I feel like I'm finally able to really talk and be real.
And it's so nice to have a friend that's an elder, that is polished.
It's taken a while, but I'm going to tell you, that man is anointed of God.
And every time I talk to him, I glean so much from him because of the shadows that he's been able to walk underneath.
Kathryn Kuhlman, Oral Roberts—some of the greatest generals of faith that we know in any generation.
I'm talking Oral Roberts and Kathryn Kuhlman alone are amazing.
And just being able to have that opportunity to listen to somebody that has that kind of wisdom is over the top.
And I just want to sit and go, 'Okay, praise God.
' I feel like if I could just sit there and take notes.
The stories of healings, the stories of Oral Roberts, the stories of Kathryn Kuhlman, and the richness of the faith is just beautiful.
He's having a meeting, and I want to encourage everybody, if you live in the Tennessee area, next weekend he is going to be in Tennessee at Harvest Church.
He'll be at Harvest Church, I believe is the church in Tennessee.
And you can go to Billy Burke and look at his itinerary.
And he's going to be at Harvest Church.
And he's doing a Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday meeting.
Two on Sunday, and then I believe every night after that for the services.
And if you're believing God for healing, and you're believing God for a breakthrough in your life, I encourage you to go and just drink from the well that never runs dry.
It blesses me every time.
So, all right, are you ready?
Okay.
All right.
I believe we have enough now.
We'll start.
Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again today.
Right off the bat, if you're new here and you've never liked, subscribed, or clicked the notification bell, please do that right now for us.
We're believing for a million men and women harvest of prayer warriors and the global outreach of reaching the lost for Jesus.
Over the month of March, we had thousands of people come to Jesus on this channel.
And it's so exciting to come into the month of April and start off fresh.
I had this illustration from the Lord as I was going through a drive-thru today, getting the kids something to drink, and He showed me this, because as I keep going with this YouTube, it's like, first and foremost, you know, that we are a YouTube channel that is a church.
And so we're so thankful for everybody who comes and is a part of this, and prays with us, and does online church with us, and does all this.
It's amazing.
He spoke to me about buying a theater in Branson, Missouri.
And so I'm really praying about having a facility, and moving part-time, having a place, going to Branson, and buying a theater in Branson.
The Lord spoke to me, and Diana and I are praying over this.
So I really want you to pray about this: a 1,500-seat auditorium to hold prayer meetings and healing services that Billy Burke would come to, and have a central location, because he's looking for a place he can come to in the central part of America.
He's already on the East Coast and in Florida a lot.
Having a place that he would maybe have a facility with us to do a healing service, and have something maybe every quarter, maybe once a month.
I don't know.
He said he'd pray about it, but it was already on my heart.
Even if he doesn't do it, it's already in my heart to buy a theater in Branson with 1,500 seats to hold prayer meetings with Sister Billye Brim and Hannah and the family, and doing prayer conferences, teaching prayer, teaching healing, and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
So if you are interested, pray for me, because this is a major step for us to really try to step out.
If this is what God is wanting me to do, to go and buy a theater in Branson and do this.
So, it's something that's on my heart.
I brought it to Billy today, and we talked for a long time about it, and he's like, 'Brandon, I've always wanted a theater.
' So this would be amazing.
So just pray about it, y'all, and lift me up concerning this, because this is something that would be a major deal for me, to move my family to Branson to be a part of this end-time great revival, and still come back and forth to Tulsa.
I love Tulsa.
I love Glorious.
I love this.
But just trying to figure out where the Lord wants me.
I feel a shifting.
I feel a change coming.
And so I believe doing live prayer meetings, not just on YouTube—because the Lord said you'll still do YouTube, but it's about time for you to branch out.
I saw four angels, and the Lord spoke to me about these four angels in my prayer time, about them starting to work with me.
And now, I don't know what that means for healings, bringing forth body parts, bringing forth organs and things out of the spirit realm, and bringing them into the natural, working with my ministry to bring creative miracles like we see with other healing platforms.
And I truly believe in the days ahead, Jesus, in this end-time movement, we're about to see things we've never seen before.
And I just want a facility, as I was praying about it, of a theater to hold big meetings.
I thought, what better way?
Not a tent, because I've been offered tents, you know, and I thought it would be hot outside in the summer.
But wouldn't it be nice to have an air-conditioned building, to have a facility of 1,500 seats plus, you know, maybe we could find something for 2,500, I don't know, and believe God for the money, and then go and do this, and be able to have air conditioning, heating in the winter, and hold services.
So, something to pray about.
That's what we're praying about.
And Billy Burke's praying with me, and thinking about what we could do to hold services.
We thought about the Mabee, maybe, but I was like, 'Yeah, we could do that one time and see what it's like and see who all shows up.
' But I thought, what would it be like to have something maybe once a month at a healing facility or something, you know?
I don't know.
Just throwing some ideas out there, telling you what I'm thinking about doing for our ministry, teaching people prayer, and I don't know.
I just really like Branson.
There's a lot of hotels there.
There's a lot of fun things to do for people.
Go to Silver Dollar City, maybe take a vacation, they can go over there and have buffets and things to do.
The Riverwalk, and you go down there and go to the Bass Pro Shop, and get a coffee, and go to different things.
It's fun, you know.
I love the old bluegrass and the old banjos, and the fun things that they do in Branson, and Diana and I were just praying about it.
I love Sister Billye Brim, and she's been a spiritual mother to me, and I thought, you know, being around her in these latter stages of her life, and grabbing ahold of things like that, and wisdom from somebody from the WWP leader, Worldwide Prayer, and just grabbing ahold of this.
She texted me this morning, or whenever it was, about the attacks that have been announced by ISIS concerning America and the churches tomorrow.
So, we're going to pray right off the bat for the churches tomorrow.
Sunday services for Easter around the world, around Europe, around America, Australia, and so on.
This is the ISIS calls.
Do you show this?
Is it ready?
ISIS calls on Muslims to set fire to churches and synagogues across US, Europe, for Easter Sunday.
This is what the Lord showed us.
Remember I told you, Passover, Good Friday, and Easter.
Now, we've passed through two of them, and I don't see anything that's happened.
So I believe prayer is working.
But even as they have called on the news to those that are doubters of what the Lord has called us to do, to raise up a standard against the demonic that is trying to come against our nation.
Now they're announcing what they want their idiots to do to our nation.
So we know we're on track when we pray it before and then we see it in the news, to the people who don't believe that the Lord is talking to us.
This is what we're talking about.
It's right here in the news.
This is what we're called to do.
We're going to pray against this.
They're calling for them to do this.
So, we heard this back two weeks, three weeks ago.
And the Lord said, 'Pray over the first, second, third, fourth, and fifth,' which is tomorrow.
Praying over this nation.
And then for the marathon in Boston on the 20th, praying over the Boston Marathon, praying over the synagogues, praying over the gatherings of Easter egg hunts and things like that.
So, I'm so thankful you're here tonight.
And then another thing that I thought was interesting to keep you up to date where we are.
We have...
where is this right here?
Show them the other thing about the...
Yes.
I want to show this now.
What did I tell you, that they would have a sleight of hand?
They're going to say a lot about this over here, because they're doing something over here.
This will start to come out, which is about aliens, false aliens, all this stuff.
Aliens, demons, and all this stuff.
I said, when they start to release this, they're doing something major over here, but this over here used to be major to them.
But because now this isn't major anymore, we can release this, because this over here is bigger.
But I said, as Jesus told me when I went to tribulation with Him, He said, right before I come back, they're going to talk about aliens a lot, but there's no such thing as aliens.
This is fallen demonic Nephilim demonic stuff.
As the days of Noah, so will it be in the end times.
It's the same game plan to deceive the nations for what's about to take place.
Well, listen to this man.
This is a senator, right?
A senator or congressman.
Yeah, like the House or Senate.
I don't know who it is, but he's in the government.
Now, I want you to hear this interview.
What was said today, yesterday?
'I don't have the tin foil hat on just yet, Congressman, but I'm wondering, you know, kind of how you react to that because you are connected.
You're on the UFO subcommittee.
I mean, I'm just wondering what you make of that.
Have you heard anything like that?
' 'Well, I'm still a member of Congress, so I can't really comment too much on what Matt said.
But I will say this.
' 'Wait, seriously?
Are you being serious?
' 'I've been 100% serious.
I've been briefed by just about every alphabet agency there is.
And I'll just tell you this, if they would release the things that I've seen, you'd be up at night worrying or thinking about this stuff.
We just need to disclose it all.
I'm sick of it.
Well, I was briefed...
I'll just tell you this.
I was briefed last week on an issue—or excuse me, two weeks ago—and it would have set the earth on end.
This country would have come unglued, I think, if they would have heard all that I heard.
They would demand answers, and we need to, but you know, unfortunately, it just keeps getting covered up.
And the people that know are dying or disappearing, as the case may be.
' 'Wow.
' 'And for the record, I'm not suicidal, and I don't take risks.
' 'I'm glad you said that.
I'm speechless, Congressman.
' We are back.
You should be.
And I told the president, "Release it all.
" The problem is the people around the president don't know the questions, and the president doesn't know the questions to ask.
A few of us are going to have to get with the president and tell him what he needs to ask and where he needs to look.
I mean, you know, we're in meetings and they give addresses and tell locations of items, I'll just say.
And the public has a right to know, dadgummit, but it's your tax dollars.
Absolutely.
You got my attention, Congressman.
I appreciate you being as forthcoming as you have been tonight, and we look forward to having you back.
Look, I know Donald Trump wants to disclose something.
He hasn't done it yet, but I think he wants to be the president to do that.
Tim Burchett, thank you.
He does.
Did you just hear what he just said?
This is what I told you was coming.
The Lord warned us.
It's amazing what we get in prayer is seen on the news.
And this is on Newsmax.
That man said something.
I'm like, this is what I warned you about.
I said, I saw alien stuff.
I saw an actual alien interview that is a fallen Nephilim demonic spirit that will come on to deceive the nations in the days ahead, that will look like a log creature.
And I said, "Then I saw something over the Vatican and over the Mayan temples.
" And I said, "It will be so big.
" And I said, "You're going to see all kinds of fearful sights.
" And I saw this heavyset lady with a sign saying, "Welcome to Earth.
" And she had signs as they were talking to these alien balls of light in the sky.
"Welcome to Earth," she said.
And they had weird tinfoil hats on people.
I'm telling you, this is going to shake the nations.
Well, here we go.
Here's another thing.
And I said, there are actual lizard people.
I said, there are five major bloodlines of different kinds of lizard people that are reptilian.
And people are like, "Oh, Brandon, I'm telling you, I've seen some dark stuff.
" And I've been instructed by some of my peers to keep some of the things that I see and the details more wrapped up.
And I've tried to be as bold as a lion as I can for what God has shown me because I feel you need to be shaken to awaken.
And I know there are certain things that I probably should not say because of some of the counsel that I have received here as of late to refrain from how I say things and how I go about saying it.
But I try to remain very transparent and tell you exactly what I see because you need to know you're out of time.
Jesus Christ is coming.
This could be the last Resurrection Sunday on this earth.
It could be.
It could be your last Resurrection Sunday on this earth.
It's time to get your heart right with Jesus Christ tonight.
You're running out of time.
There are many of you that have been playing church, and you go to church and you go, you know, "I just visit whenever I feel it's convenient.
" Jesus isn't convenient.
He's a lifestyle.
I'm sold out.
I'm all in.
Jesus is my best friend.
And there are many of you that just play church.
I don't play church.
I'm radical about it.
And I want you to really decide tonight.
Are you all in?
As we get ready for this Resurrection Sunday tomorrow, and we pray again tomorrow as a family, and we keep coming together.
I'm going to come on tomorrow afternoon sometime, I don't know.
I want to do another video prayer broadcast that will last a lot longer tomorrow, and we're going to be praying for revival.
We're praying for the nations.
I got a text from that minister from Mexico.
I want to tell you what happened.
He texted me and, how do I say it?
Guillermo Maldonado.
Forgive me, sir.
I know he was watching.
Total attendance in the crusade in Colombia, the one we were praying for.
I thought it was Argentina, but it wasn't Argentina.
It was Colombia.
And he texted me the results of it.
He said, "Are you praying for me?
I'm underneath a lot of pressure right now.
" There were a lot of things going on that I won't go into right now, but he said, "Would you please pray for me, please?
I need your prayers.
" So, he texted me and he said, "This is it.
I'm on my way back home.
" He said, "Total attendance for the crusade in Colombia," which is amazing, "40,812 people came to the conference.
" There were documented miracles that were prayed for and had results where they saw the fruit of the miracle.
367 people were healed with the power of Jesus.
Pastors' attendance, pastors from around Colombia.
There were over 972 churches represented.
Total souls won.
How many people gave their heart to Jesus Christ in that Colombia crusade?
9,007 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ in Colombia.
And then they had visuals and things, and he said that there were things that happened.
He was just telling me about the praise reports of people getting set free from demonic stuff, and so on and so on.
But we had a part in playing in it.
Remember I told you Charles Finney would be nothing without Nash, I believe is his prayer warrior.
And the Lord instructed me specifically to pray for Billy Burke's meetings, pray for the services beforehand to lay the groundwork for what's going on.
And when we prayed for it, even if we said it was in Argentina, it was Colombia, the Lord knew where we were praying for.
I believe you and me, the ones that are here right now, had a big hand in that harvest.
Over 40,000 people came to the service, and over 9,000 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ.
And I believe we laid the groundwork with our prayer team here praying for him, going and doing that with his team of ministers that went over.
Over almost a thousand churches were represented in that crusade.
So they'll take that fire and spread it all over Colombia in the days ahead.
It will spread.
All it takes is a spark.
And you get those pastors stirred up all over, almost a thousand of them, 900-some people.
Boom.
You get them and it starts spreading like fire all throughout that nation.
And I truly believe Colombia is about to have the greatest revival this world has ever seen before.
It will go through Brazil, Argentina, you're going to see Venezuela, you're going to see Cuba, you're going to see the greatest move of God.
The Lord said South America will be on fire for Him.
And I believe that it just takes a little bit of stirring up.
He said, "Brandon, I'm going to have 23 different nations in the next year or whatever to go and preach to these 23 different nations and hold crusades just like this.
" So, I was excited about it.
And guess what?
Our part will be praying for it.
Praying for the harvest.
Praying for a covering of protection over him.
And when he goes, and we pray over Billy Burke when he goes to Tennessee next week, praying over the services that creative miracles will take place like we've never seen before in these ministries.
I may not be actually playing in the game, but I'm on the sidelines praying for the players.
It's exciting to be a part of it when they call and say, "Listen, we had over 40,000 people show up.
" So, thank you for helping me pray.
Thank you for praying for missionaries and helping me be a part of this.
I believe we'll have our reward in heaven for the 9,000 souls that we were able to participate in prayer for.
And so, I really felt a breakthrough that night when we prayed for that.
So, that was exciting, huh?
And so, ready?
Was there anything else you wanted to show?
$146 billion fraud they found in California.
Okay.
You can show this guy.
This congressman says if Trump loses the midterms, they're going to go after his family, his finances, they're going to impeach him.
They're going to do all this stuff.
And Nancy Pelosi said the same thing.
What did I tell you?
I saw them waiting, and they were devising a plan to get ready to go after him really strongly by the end of the year.
Dividing, trying to cause a civil war in this nation, red against blue, to try to impeach President Trump and remove him.
That's why I told you this is the most important time we've ever seen before.
To pray for Byron Donalds in Florida.
To pray for Minnesota, Mike Lindell, and the people who are running for office that they would win by a landslide, that the people would rise up and have a backbone like a crowbar, and we would pray for this nation.
And the Lord showed me two paths again.
And He said, "Brandon, I told you, if My people who are called by My name will humble themselves, then we would hear from heaven, and He would heal our land.
" I saw a major prayer gathering coming, and He said, "During this time, pray for protection.
Pray for this.
It's in May.
Pray for the decisions that will make America take a major turn in the month of August.
" Turning in August, and we either go one way to the storm, or we go this way to the blessing.
And I say pray for our nation and the decisions that are going to be made concerning who is in the midterm for our governors and our senators and our House, of how this nation will turn out in this shaking to awaken.
And even like my friend Billy was saying today, "Brandon, it seems like a lot of times people always have to learn from the hard things.
" And I totally get that because people are asleep.
If the church rises up and wakes up, we're going to see revival without all the consequences of people being asleep.
But we must wake up as a church and get excited and radical for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's all about His return.
It's all about the coming of the Lord.
And we must get excited about it.
He's coming.
So Byron Donalds, here it is.
Byron Donalds is 46% in the poll, and these other people are like 4%.
They hardly have anything.
And then the other part is not sure is 39%, which is a lot.
That means they're not decided.
So we pray.
I saw Byron Donalds with an anointing on him to lead Florida.
So, I'm praying for this Byron Donalds to rise up and win Florida with a landslide.
I don't know the bald-headed guy, and I sure don't know the guy with the glasses, but I know the other one because I've been praying for him.
So, you know, we'll just continue to pray for the right leaders.
So, anything else?
Okay.
No, the whole crap right there.
I saw the headlines.
Okay, right there.
Ready?
Gavin Newsom.
Play it.
I said there was more fraud in Florida than what there was in Minnesota.
That's what the Lord showed us.
I'm sorry, California.
I apologize.
There is more corruption in California than what there was in Minnesota.
The Lord said they're going to uncover it and uncover it.
But He said, "Watch this.
" Look at the alert that happened on Fox today.
Ready?
And then we're going to pray.
"America's fraud investigations bring us to the Golden State of California.
Look at this number.
$146 billion.
Health and Human Service officials confirmed that number to Chris Rufo as the staggering amount of fraud in a single program in Gavin Newsom's state Medicaid system.
Stop and think about that.
$146 billion.
A single program.
A single state.
That is slightly more than Warren Buffett's estimated net worth.
It is more than the GDP of several small countries like the Marshall Islands and Dominica, just to name a few.
And it is well over 100 billion dollars more than the most valuable NFL team, the Dallas Cowboys.
That is just for Medicaid, just in California.
So imagine what the total number of fraud is when you count all the social programs in all 50 states.
The Trump administration is imagining that, and they are now taking action in a stunning raid of hospice facilities in Gavin Newsom's California.
Now, just this week, the Justice Department announced eight people were arrested accused of defrauding the state out of more than $50 million.
That includes one couple who runs a hospice care center in Anaheim.
In a dramatic fashion, authorities swarmed their residence, sawing through the metal front gates of the property and used a loudspeaker to get them to come outside.
The couple is accused of defrauding taxpayers to the tune of $7 million.
And according to reports, their center has been a problem for years.
Over the past 5 years, they reported more than 97% of their patients lived.
And that's in hospice.
That is unheard of.
90% of patients on average die less than 6 months after admission in America.
" Can you believe that?
When the Lord said that the fraud was bad in California, that is staggering.
146 billion dollars.
I was just like, "Oh my God," and that's just the Medicare healthcare fraud.
Yeah.
Medical.
Okay.
And a urine.
So the Lord said this is worse in California than in Minnesota.
And he said it will be uncovered.
But I still saw an immunity.
And I saw that one governor slithering on his belly, trying to get to the White House with his tongue licking the dirt.
And I told you there will be great things uncovered, for great political theater will take place in the year of 2026.
Political theater.
That's what the Lord showed us.
Now this, on a positive note, I thought this was pretty cool.
This is Ethiopia.
And Ethiopia had revival this weekend on Good Friday.
And this is the service that they held in Ethiopia for Jesus.
So look at this.
There's a lot of people.
They have their cell phones and candles and all kinds of stuff.
Do you see all that?
That's hunger.
Ethiopia will be saved.
Look at that, folks.
All glory to Jesus.
There's massive gatherings of people; I bet there's a million people there.
Isn't that amazing?
It goes as far as the eye can see, all underneath that bridge and all around.
There are people everywhere.
Braden was showing that to me.
I thought that was pretty cool.
So, it's time to get excited.
It's time to wake up.
I'm telling you, the harvest is plentiful, and the laborers are few.
It's time.
And that's why I got so excited.
You know, the Lord's talking to me about the theater, about possibly trying to do a theater in Branson and trying to do something with my friend Billy Burke.
And I told him, I said, 'I want you to pray about having a healing service in the central part of America at least once a month or whatever.
' And I thought that was pretty interesting, you know, and he told me he'd pray about it.
When I throw an idea out there, he'll pray about it.
But I just am excited.
And if not him, then I believe God would anoint my hands to do it in a greater way, to touch the nations for Jesus.
But I want you to see what this astronaut said.
This was interesting.
Now, I told you the last moon landing was fake.
I said that's what I saw.
The Lord said the 1960s moon landing was fake.
And that's what we prayed.
And I said, 'But there is a new space race coming as of the first,' which the Lord told us.
And they lost the rocket.
And they said, 'Here we are.
We're going to have all this new stuff about the moon landing.
' So this guy slips and they go, 'Oh, he didn't mean it that way.
' No, he did.
Play the clip.
I thought that was pretty interesting.
We laughed about it.
'It might land wrong, but I'm going to try anyway.
This is the first time we're going to send humans to the moon, and we're going to have humans in low Earth orbit.
That is awesome.
As humanity, we should take a brief moment to go, 'That's awesome.
' One of the things that we most asked for and look forward to is we are going to do a crew conference between Integrity and the International Space Station, the crew that's up there.
I don't know, mate.
Just saying.
It's the first time, you know, it's a big deal for humanity, right?
50 years later, right?
' I told you that this is what the Lord said, and we got it before they even said it.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Accuracy is important.
They admitted it.
He admitted it.
At least he's real.
He's not trying to fake it.
I don't know if he even realized what he said, but I was like, well, okay.
At least he said it.
It's the first time, folks.
It's a big deal for humanity.
Last time we were in Area 51, but I didn't realize, you know.
And then this moon rock given to Holland by Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin is fake.
They tested it.
It's not a real rock.
All things come out when you try to hide it.
So it's sad but not funny, but here we go.
We're about to have a moon base, and the Lord told us about it.
And he said, 'Watch what they do in the days ahead.
They're in a mad rush.
' Why?
Because they see something coming.
Why all of a sudden are we doing it so quickly?
The Lord said, 'Because there's something coming.
' And I heard them.
I could see the table, and I was able to look at the figures and the lines.
It looked like some kind of geometry and all this other stuff that was going on on this table that was graphs, and I saw computer screens, and I was in the office.
I could see them in this room, and the Lord said a major asteroid is coming, and they think it could miss, but they're wrong.
It won't miss.
It will hit, and my word already told you it would.
It's called Wormwood.
Wormwood is on its way.
And as the Lord showed me, he said, 'Scientists in China are more accurate than the ones knowing about it in America.
America is not taking it as seriously as China was.
' I saw these Asian men, and they were moving around in a panic because of what they saw coming.
And if you remember, I saw the guy that built Facebook.
He was in a bunker, and he was looking out the bunker, and he knew something was coming too.
He built a huge bunker, and the Lord showed me there's a reason why these elite men that have all the money know something's coming.
Well, it is coming.
We all know Wormwood's in the Bible, and it will hit in the Atlantic Ocean.
I saw it, and it will bubble all the fish.
I saw the fish boiling.
I saw the fish, and they all died.
And it wasn't all the fish in all the oceans.
But whenever you're looking into one ocean and you see all the fish in one ocean, the Atlantic, die, it was millions and millions of fish.
Octopuses, whales, all kinds of things.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Elon Musk.
Absolutely.
Yeah, but Elon Musk, it's absolutely...
No, it's actually going to hit.
It is going to hit.
Their math is wrong.
The Lord said it.
He said, 'This is actually going to hit the earth.
' And he said, 'I've already told you it would in my word.
' If they just read their Bible, they'd know it's coming.
The Bible already told us that a major Wormwood rock is going to hit the earth.
It's going to shake the earth.
Thank God for the word.
There's nothing new.
He's already warned us of what was coming.
And so to those that have ears to hear, let them hear what the Spirit is saying.
And if you read your Bible, you'll know, but here we are.
Elon Musk is talking about it now.
Why are they in such a rush?
What's going on?
I said, it's coming quick.
We're running out of time.
They know the signs of the times and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's exciting to be at this time.
So, here we are.
And I said, they actually hit it with a laser.
Remember I told you it's a green laser?
They hit it from out of the Gulf.
They hit this green laser.
And whenever it hits the water, it covers the islands.
It covers San Juan, Puerto Rico.
There's a massive tsunami wave that washes inland of Miami for miles, it looks like.
Can you show them that short?
So, let's pray for the churches tonight.
Let's pray for tomorrow.
I haven't had real strong pulses concerning the churches as of right now.
All day today I was praying over things, but it was mainly about what I've been talking to you about, praying over my own life and a lot of things that are going on with me right now and decisions that I have to make.
I've had to take a couple of days and just ask Father where He wants us and what He wants us to be doing.
There are things that I know I've got to make some big decisions on, maybe having a relocation and doing some things in Branson, and just praying about things and seeing where the Lord wants us, because I know we're at the end here and Jesus is coming.
A great revival is about to spring forth in this earth, and I don't want to be behind it.
I want to be in front of it or ready for what's about to take place.
You know, it's like you can play catchup or you can be ahead of it.
I know we're about to see something major in this earth.
A major revival, a major harvest of souls.
Exciting times, right?
So all right, do you want to pray with me tonight?
Let's pray for a little bit.
We'll pray for the nations.
We'll pray for everything.
I think that was a good briefing, huh?
Yeah, that was great.
I think it was good.
I'm proud of that.
You did good tonight.
I like all that stuff you showed.
That's fun.
Yeah.
The Father Nash book is amazing.
I didn't know who it was, but Diana has been reading that, and I'm telling you that book is amazing.
She'll be on tomorrow night with me and she'll read some more of it.
She got some more from somebody else, and it's a little article or whatever she wants to read to you and everything.
Who likes when Diana's on with me?
She says, 'I don't ever want to be on there that much, Brandon,' but I told her, 'Baby, I love it when you're on with me.
' I said, 'I glean so much from you when you're around me and help me pray, and it's a blessing.
' I love it when my wife's on with me and she reads.
It's nicer for me.
So, Father, I just thank you for the body.
I thank you, Father, for what you did for us.
And as we go into Resurrection Sunday, I thank you, Father, that the Vatican, everything is safe in Europe.
Father, I'm so grateful for every single person represented here tonight.
I'm so thankful, Father, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
Healing belongs to us.
Deliverance belongs to us.
Father, that no weapon formed against us would prosper.
A thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
I thank you, Father, for every person represented here tonight, that they are believing for a supernatural Easter miracle.
And I believe that tonight is their supernatural Easter miracle time.
Father, we are about to see the greatest demonstrations and manifestations as people go to church tomorrow who haven't been in so long.
I ask you, Father, to fan their flame as they go to sleep tonight.
They're waking up, and here it is.
Father, they're getting ready to go to bed to get up tomorrow.
I bless them, Father, and I thank you that when they go to church tomorrow, they get a fresh impartation of the Holy Spirit, that you give them a fresh visitation.
And Father, we lift up this body right now, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise as we go into this beautiful Easter weekend, this Easter day tomorrow.
And we thank you, Lord, that by your stripes we're healed.
And we give you glory, honor, and praise for it in the name of Jesus.
Do you have it ready?
I believe it.
It shows the asteroid going into the water.
Father, I plead the blood.
We apply the blood.
We rebuke every demonic assignment, hexes, vexes, and satanic agendas against us.
We take authority over it in Jesus' name.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
And we thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
We thank you, Lord, that every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
And we plead the blood all around us right now in Jesus' name.
From the north, the south, the east, the west, we put angels all around us tonight, Father, in the name of Jesus.
And I take the blood and I apply the blood over us.
And we give you glory, honor, and praise, for we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that it never has lost its power over all the time and the years that went by.
You say, 'Well, is there a time limit for the blood of Jesus?
' No, there's no time limit on the precious blood of Jesus.
It never has gotten old.
When He said, 'It is finished,' what He set out to do, He made us have victory from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
We have victory over the devil.
We don't have to be afraid of the devil.
We don't have to be worried about what's coming on this earth or fearful sights because, why?
We're looking up because our redemption draws nigh.
And it's because of the blood that covers us.
We're covered by the blood.
It is from the top of our heads, like I said, to the soles of our feet.
The blood covers us and washes away all our sins.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood tonight in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Aren't you so glad you're born again?
Comment in that comment section, are you so glad that you're born again?
Aren't you so glad that you don't have to go to hell?
If you die tonight, you know who you serve and where you're going.
The moment to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
Isn't it exciting to have that expectation that if I take my last breath, I'm with my Jesus forever?
I'm not afraid of what my future holds.
No matter what they try to do, no matter what people say, no matter what comes.
Oh, Father, I thank You, Lord, that the moment I take my last breath on this earth, I'm with You and I'll be with You in paradise forever.
How many of you all right now can say that?
How many of you all tonight know that if this was your last moment on earth, that tomorrow, the moment you die, you're going to be with Jesus for eternity?
Well, it's our blessed assurance.
Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine.
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine!
I'm an heir of salvation, purchased of God, born of His Spirit, washed in His blood.
Do you believe that?
This is my story, this is my song, praising my Savior all the day long.
I'm watching and waiting, looking above.
Are you excited?
I hope you are.
He's coming.
He's coming sooner than you think.
I believe with all my heart Jesus is coming.
Do you have that video you want to show them real quick?
No.
It doesn't matter, honey.
You can play it next time.
Father, we're so grateful for the blood.
We're so grateful, Father.
This is my story.
This is my song.
Do you have the words for that?
Were those the words?
Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine.
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine, heir of salvation, purchased of God, born of His Spirit, washed in His blood.
This is my story.
Glory!
This is my song, praising my Savior all the day long.
This is my story, this is my song, praising my Savior all the day long.
Perfect submission, perfect delight.
Visions of rapture now burst.
What was that?
Was she okay?
Bursting in sight.
Angels descending, bringing from above echoes of mercy, whispers of love.
I didn't know these verses.
That's interesting.
But I figured it goes the same way.
Perfect submission, all is at rest.
I am in my Savior am happy and blessed.
Watching and waiting, looking above, filled with His goodness, lost in His love.
That's beautiful, B.
I love it.
I'm excited.
I start looking when I come to Easter and I see all that He's done for us.
You know, Christmas is always beautiful because we celebrate His birth.
But just what He did on the cross for us.
For God so loved the world that He gave.
He gave, and in His giving, He reaps a harvest of all of us.
Every single one of us He reaped.
This is His harvest, His children.
We meant so much to Him that He gave His life.
He suffered and He died to a world that was lost.
He gave all that He could give to show us the reason to live.
Why?
Because He loves you.
I believe with all my heart there are so many of you that might be watching right now and you're like, 'Oh, I'm not into all that religious stuff.
' I'm not talking about religion.
I am not talking about religion tonight.
I'm talking about a relationship with a Jesus that loves you.
I can honestly tell you all, I cannot stand religion.
I cannot stand tradition.
'This is the way we've always done it.
It's the way Sister Clipboard's doing it.
' You know, up there taking notes, all this stuff.
I can't stand that part of church.
In fact, it's a stench to me.
But whenever I got real with God and God got real with me, He became real to me.
When I stopped thinking about what you think, the clipboard ladies taking notes and all this stuff, and I just go, 'You know what about all this?
This is about a relationship with Him.
' Regardless of what church and what denomination you're affiliated with, I just wanted a God I could talk to.
I just wanted a relationship.
'Teach me how to pray.
Teach me how to be more of a friend to You.
' If Abraham could be a friend of God, I want to be a friend of God, too.
He's no respecter of persons, but He is a respecter of faith.
But I want you to know Jesus Christ loves you.
And tonight as we get ready to celebrate Resurrection Sunday tomorrow, morning services, sunrise services, and all these things, I want to know, and I want to ask you the question: do you know Jesus Christ?
If you have a relationship with Jesus Christ, I'm telling you, your life is going to be forever changed.
He'll change you from the inside out.
He did so much for you.
He's a gentleman.
He never forces His way into your life.
He'll always knock at your door and say, 'Will you let Me in?
Can I turn your mess around and make it into a message?
Can I turn your life around?
' But it's your choice every single day to either humble yourself and pray and read your Bible.
He gave us free will.
Everybody has the same 24 hours in a day, seven days a week.
But it's your choice whether you open your eyes and say, 'Welcome Jesus.
Welcome Holy Spirit.
I want a relationship with You.
' The Bible says He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
But yet we have so much pride to think that Jesus doesn't love us.
Maybe, I don't know.
I believe with all my heart that the Bible says that He wishes that none should perish.
None.
Nobody, but all come to repentance.
That's what the Bible says.
And I believe the Word of God versus what you believe.
The Bible says that He wants all of us to come to repentance.
Every one of us.
John is a perfect one.
That whosoever—are you a whosoever that believes in Him?
Are you a whosoever?
Whosoever is anybody.
And I just want you to be real with yourself tonight as we get ready to have Resurrection Sunday tomorrow.
The most beautiful day of the year.
The day that He took it all and He rose again, and He kicked the devil in the teeth, and He rose from that grave, and He said, 'I triumphed.
I triumphed over him.
I made you today.
I'm more than a conqueror.
' You're more than a conqueror.
Greater works will you do now.
But you have to get real with God and stop being religious.
Stop being a denomination.
Just be Jesus, and be with Jesus, and be sold out to Him.
I just want to be with Him.
I don't care about all this other stuff.
I just want Him.
And when you just have Him, and you accept Him as your Lord and personal Savior, and you're sold out to Him, it becomes so real to you.
I don't want grandma's religion.
I just want a relationship with a risen King.
I want you to get real with God just like that.
All this other stuff is just stuff.
It's just trash.
Man-made theology.
All this stuff.
I don't care.
I just want Him.
Read your Bible.
Pray.
Have a relationship with Him.
Stop making things so complicated.
He made it so a child could do it, but yet we're adults and we think everything's so complicated.
'Well, did I take communion right?
I don't know if that was right.
I probably should read a book on that, you know.
I don't know.
Did I read the Bible right?
Well, this is anointing oil.
What do I do with it?
I don't know.
' We complicated everything.
Be as a child.
How does a child act?
A child playing in the dirt, playing with his cars, everything.
Doesn't have a care in the world.
Doesn't have a care in the world because he just trusts his parents are going to take care of him.
She's just playing with her dollies because she has trust that mom and dad are going to take care of her.
We must come to God not as spiritual adults, but come to Him as His children.
Children think differently than adults do.
Children don't take all the burdens of the world on.
They don't.
It's all just simple.
'I need You.
Daddy, I'm broke.
I broke this toy.
Can you fix it?
I want you to fix this.
' And all it needed was some new batteries.
But it's so complicated.
That child right there.
It's, 'Oh, God, but Lord, I specialize in this.
' But if you just get real with God tonight, stop being so religious.
It's not Catholic.
It's not Baptist.
It's not Church of Christ.
It's not charismatic.
It's not non-denominational.
It's just Jesus.
I need You.
I'm not signing up for a religious service.
I'm not signing up for a religious congregation on what tent I'm going to decide to be in.
I just want to sign up with Jesus.
I want Jesus.
Give me Jesus.
What must I do to be saved?
I don't want to go to hell.
I want to go to heaven.
So tonight, I want you to be real with me.
Be real with the people that are on this live church.
Say, 'Hey, Brandon, you're talking to me.
I want Jesus tonight.
' I want to be bold about my faith and tell somebody in the comment section right now in the live chat, 'I want to be saved.
Will you just pray for me as I get ready to enter this Resurrection Sunday?
' I want to go into Resurrection Sunday with a resurrected Savior on the inside of me.
So, there are so many of you that watch after and you always tell me, 'Brandon, you don't realize how many people are coming to Jesus.
' I got an email from somebody this week that said, 'I got born again two years ago, and my life has been radically changed watching your videos every single week.
I just want to tell you thank you.
' I had another person that was Chinese.
They were Buddhists.
She's this dear, sweet lady who lives in Dallas.
And Diana read the text.
She actually texted Diana and she said, 'It's been two years today that I gave my heart to Jesus Christ watching your video.
' She was a Buddhist, and all her family was Buddhist, and they all gave their heart to Jesus Christ watching this.
But tonight's your night for your family to change.
Tonight's your night that you can watch this video and say, 'Brandon, if you prayed for a Buddhist to get saved and they got saved, and you prayed for a devil worshipper and they got saved, if you pray for all these different things, and oh my gosh, what about me?
' Tonight's your night.
Jesus is standing there with open arms waiting, waiting to receive you.
But you've got to come to the end of yourself and say, 'Listen, I can't do this on my own anymore.
I need Him.
' As I read the text, I wept.
As Diana read the text of the person who was Buddhist and read the Bible, their mama gave her heart to Jesus Christ.
Families getting born again, and they were Buddhists going to hell, and God touched their life through this channel.
And to hear her say, 'I was once lost but now I'm found, and I gave my heart to Jesus because of you telling me about Him.
' It blessed me so, and I can't wait to hear your testimony that you were once lost and found too.
But first, you got to say this prayer.
And I believe with all my heart that tonight's your night of a great turnaround.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
Jesus, as of tonight, I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the sin that I was doing.
I turn my back on the stuff of that world, the darkness.
And tonight, Lord, I'm sold out to You, Jesus.
I make You my Lord and personal Savior.
I want You to come in me.
Abide in me.
Flood me with Your presence.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life today.
Jesus, I'm sold out to You.
From this day forward, I will serve You with all my heart.
Jesus, I am a sinner, but today I repent of my sins.
And I thank You, Lord, that You said in Your Word that as far as the east is from the west, I've taken your sins from you.
And the moment you confess your sins, I am faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
' That's what His Word says.
So, Father, I confess.
I have done so much wrong.
And tonight, Lord, I repent.
Forgive me.
Help me.
I can't do this anymore without You.
I'm sold out to You, Father.
I thank You, Lord, that if I was to die tonight, I'll be with You in paradise forever.
Thank You, Lord, that You wrote my name in the Lamb's Book of Life, and I'm forever Yours in Jesus' name.
Amen.
And amen.
I believe if you just said that little prayer, as simple as it is, you may be like, 'Brandon, I don't know.
Can I do this?
' Hey, listen.
The moment you sin, if you mess up again, you run to God when you sin.
You don't run away from Him.
You must run to God when you sin.
You say, 'Brandon, I can't do this without Him.
' He said He's with you.
He'll never leave you and He'll never forsake you.
He's not up there saying, 'Well, you're on your own, pal.
' No, He's there with you.
He will help you.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
Run to God when you mess up.
So, confess your sins.
It's done.
Now, what do you do?
Go to a Bible-believing church.
I'd say wake up tomorrow morning and go to your first Resurrection Sunday.
Go to a non-denominational church.
That's what I would go to.
You know, you can go wherever you want to go, but make sure they're teaching you the word of God.
You want to go to a Baptist church, go to a Baptist church.
But make sure they're teaching you the word of God.
Find a Bible-believing church.
Get plugged in there.
Get excited about going and go on Sundays and Wednesdays and get plugged in.
Go to a prayer group, whatever they've got going on.
Come over here, like, subscribe, be a part of our channel, pray with us, and learn about your new life with the Lord.
Now, if you don't have a Bible and you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, we will give you a Bible for free just to be a blessing to you.
My wife and I do it.
It's our ministry.
We love to bless new believers with Bibles.
If you don't have a Bible, just email us in the description down below.
Say, 'I just got saved.
I would love to have a free Bible for accepting Jesus tonight.
' Now, we'll send it to you.
No questions asked.
We're just celebrating your decision tonight.
Just tell us your email address—I mean, not email, your address and your name, a place of where to send it to you.
Don't just say, 'I got saved.
' She doesn't have time to research every one of you.
There are too many of you.
You have to say, 'I got saved,' in the headline.
'I want a Bible, and my name, and my address.
' An address in the United States of America.
Okay?
So, please do that so it makes it easier on my wife.
And so, we'll do it to just be a blessing to you.
Now, go to church, get plugged in.
We're excited.
And come back and pray with us.
Welcome, welcome, welcome to the family.
All 62 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, welcome to the family.
All 62 of you that have made Jesus Christ your Lord and personal Savior, we love you.
We're so excited you're here.
Like I said, it isn't religion to us.
It's a relationship.
I'm so tired of religion.
I want a relationship with Jesus.
So, 62 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ.
Welcome, welcome, welcome to the family.
Isn't that wonderful?
Welcome, Resurrection Sunday.
And then we'll have many more to come.
We have seven other channels.
And if you don't speak English, you can go to—we have a Spanish channel, we have a Portuguese channel, we have a French channel, we have a German channel, we have a Russian channel, we have a Japanese channel, we have a Chinese channel, we have a South Korean channel, and so on and so on.
So there are so many others that we translate into each of those languages so you can watch it in your own language.
If you don't speak English well enough, and you're like, 'I can't understand a thing you're saying,' well, we have these seven other channels that all speak these different languages.
So, we're so excited to have those and they're growing every day.
We get new subscribers and people coming from all around the world.
And it's exciting to have all those seven different channels that are speaking different languages, and we're leading people to Jesus over there, too.
I think our channel that grows the fastest is China.
China grows really fast.
This is exciting, bee, right?
You okay?
All right.
Well, like I said, all right.
You want to pray now?
Let's pray now.
But I just felt to do that before it got much later.
And so, it's 11 now.
So, you did it right before Easter Sunday is here.
You gave your heart to Jesus Christ before Easter Sunday, for all 62 of you.
Isn't that really cool?
So Father, we just lift up the services tomorrow before you.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father, for Easter.
Thank you, Father, for this Resurrection Sunday.
We apply the blood of Jesus over every church service that is represented here.
We thank you, Father, that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about every single person that is going to the services.
We plead the blood over it, Father, in the name of Jesus, from the north, the south, the east, the west.
I lift up Cornerstone Church.
We lift up Lakewood.
We lift up Victory.
We lift up Life Churches and all over America.
Father, we cover our brothers and sisters in the blood.
Over in Australia, we cover them in the blood as they go to Resurrection Sunday.
We cover them in the blood in Jesus' name.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit in the name of Jesus across this land, we bind you and we break your power in Jesus' name.
We believe, Father, that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about every church service that is represented here tonight.
We cover them in the blood.
We thank you, Lord.
We make much of the blood.
And we tell you, Satan, you're under our feet.
You will not hinder us, harm us, or hurt us in any way.
We put angels all around us in the name of Jesus.
Now, Father, I pray over our pastors that when the people come back into church tomorrow that there's a supernatural covering over them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they'll experience the glory of the Lord when they go in there.
That they'll have that tangible presence like Kathryn Kuhlman did walking into that Methodist church.
She gave her heart to Jesus Christ and she was forever changed.
I believe, Father, that there's a new generation rising up right now of new believers, Father, and that today, tomorrow, Father, they're going to have their experience with you, their 'come to Jesus' moment.
And I thank you, Father, that it would be real to them and would stir them from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
That they will never be the same.
I call in the harvest in Jesus' name.
We call in the manifestation of the glory over these services, that the pastors and the staff would be ready to receive the people.
But Father, when they go, we thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about them.
That every plot, every plan, every pursuit of a demonic force that tries to come against them, Father, of any kind of terrorist attack from ISIS or any kind of mess, Hamas, any of it.
Father, we apply the blood over the services and we say, Satan, you will not touch our churches in Jesus' name, from all around the world.
We call the blessing over our church services, healing and manifestations of the glory.
We thank you, Lord.
And Father, they'll get excited about being there.
They'll get excited about celebrating Jesus there, Father.
And let this be a time like we've never seen before where the glory of the Lord has risen upon us.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I thank you that we arise and shine for the light has come and the glory of the Lord has risen on us, Father.
And that they see that we're different.
That the church would be different now.
They haven't been back to church in 10 years.
No, it's time.
It's time to come back to Jesus.
Now, Father, I lift up our president today.
I lift up President Trump.
I pray over him, Father, that he has a refreshing over him, Father, that he is seeking you and he'll find you.
I pray for godly wisdom over his mind in Jesus' name.
I pray for a supernatural covering.
Braden, keep my time up.
I pray for a supernatural covering in Jesus' name over President Trump.
Father, that there's a covering over him, that his mind is sharp and alert.
That Father, whatever is bothering him, Father, he takes no counsel of the ungodly.
I pray a supernatural healing over his body from the top of his head to the soles of his feet.
I plead the blood of Jesus over President Trump.
I thank you, Lord, over his kids.
I pray over his children that his children are always in the right place at the right time.
I say, Father, over Don Jr.
, Eric, Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka, Father, I cover them in the blood.
And over Kai, we cover them in the blood.
That no weapon formed against them would prosper.
Father, we're so grateful, Father, that you've got JD Vance and his wife and his children.
Father, that this would be a time of refreshing, but Father, more importantly, that they would find you in a deeper, more intimate relationship than they've ever had before.
That this would be a time of supernatural stirring in our president.
That you would put supernatural relationships around him, Father, of people that would encourage him on how to run this nation in a godly fashion, Father, all the way through midterms, all the way to 2027, 2028, to bring the finances of America back to a stronger place than we've ever seen before.
I call in the harvest money for supernatural increase over America, that Father, we get out of this recession.
People don't see well, you know, everybody's talking about a recession.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are out of that.
That Father, this will turn around.
That Father, crypto and the things that need to happen will happen.
Father, that we'll not lack any good thing, that we are soaring and going from glory to glory, for a greater manifestation of the glory is on our households in Jesus' name.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us now.
Father, I pray over people's marriages tonight.
I thank you, Father, that they're finding new fresh love in their marriages.
Father, that you're stirring in the households.
Father, that the husbands are loving on the wives and the wives are loving on the husbands.
There's no strife.
We call for peace that passes understanding over their marriages in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that their children are rising up right now in the way they should go.
And when they get older, they will not depart from it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're being trained up in a godly relationship with you.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're bringing Jesus back into our homes again.
That Father, people find relationship, and that fathers will lead their kids to Jesus.
That they'll be that leader in the home to take the family to church, to pray with the children, to pray with the wife, to pray as a husband and to be a leader in their household.
That as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
We're calling forth great stirring in the homes, stirring in the churches.
I believe, Father, that revival starts with us.
Revival starts with me and my house.
That revival starts with Diana and me and the children.
Father, that when people see us, they go, 'There's something different about them.
' I believe it, Father, that this is the time like we've never seen before for the glorious church to arise.
I call for a shaking in the Catholic Church.
I call for a shaking in the Baptist Church.
I call for a shaking in the Church of Christ.
I thank you, Lord, for the Church of God, for all of them.
Father, every tribe, every tongue, there'll be a major move of God.
Thank you, Father, that we are leaning into you in a supernatural relationship with you, Father, for these last days.
That we're not in dead religion, but in a relationship.
I just keep emphasizing that tonight.
All this about religion all the time.
I get so tired of the religious stuff.
'Well, what denomination do you claim?
' I claim Jesus.
I claim Jesus, my risen Savior, my Savior forever.
He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood.
He loved me ere I knew him, and all my love is due him.
I believe that he plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood.
I heard an old, old story, how a Savior came from glory.
Do you have the words for that?
How he gave his life on Calvary to save a wretch like me.
Victory in Jesus.
You can put it up there.
I heard an old, old story, how a Savior came from glory.
How he gave his life on Calvary to save a wretch like me.
I heard about his groaning, of his precious blood's atoning.
Then I repented of my sins and won the victory.
Oh, victory in Jesus, my Savior forever.
He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood.
He loved me ere I knew him, and all my love is due to him.
He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood.
Keep going.
Verse two.
I heard about his healing, of his cleansing power revealing, and how he made the lame to walk again and caused the blind to see.
And then I cried, 'Dear Jesus, come heal my broken spirit.
' I don't know how that goes because I don't remember hearing it that much in church.
And some sweet day I'll sing up there the song of victory.
There it goes.
Oh, victory in Jesus, my Savior forever.
He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood.
He loved me ere I knew him, and all my love is due to him.
He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood.
Those old songs!
Father, I thank you, Lord, that that's what you did for me.
And as the people come back to church tomorrow, I thank you, Father, that you're stirring in them.
We're so grateful that we have victory in Jesus.
Victory in Jesus!
Thank you, Father, for your healing.
Thank you, Father, for your deliverance.
Thank you, God, for how good you've been to us, every single one of us.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for the covering over these nations.
I thank you, Father, for bringing revival all throughout North Korea and South Korea.
Father, I thank you that this just might be one of the last Easters on this earth that we will see as a body, knowing that Jesus, you're coming.
I thank you, Father, that we have victory in Jesus.
Every single one of us, Father, has an expectation for something we're believing for.
And I thank you, Lord, that you're becoming so real to them.
Tonight, Father, the expiration date for what they're believing for is coming to pass.
Father, as they go and lay their heads on their pillows tonight, I ask you, Father, to become so real to them in their dreams, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
When they lay their heads on their pillows tonight, Father, I thank you for that sweet Holy Spirit.
You flow and change them from the inside out.
I thank you, Father, that you visit them in the midnight hour.
Father, when they wake up, they're refreshed and ready to go.
We give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
We thank you, Father, that we'll have good reports tomorrow about how you came through and that nobody had any kind of terrorist attack.
There is a peace that passes all understanding over this nation.
And Father, the great awakening is taking place even on this Sunday.
Thank you, Father.
Father, I pray for their finances tonight.
There are so many people that are lacking.
I pray, Father, for supernatural increase over their finances.
Father, when they put their hands to something, I thank you that you said in your word that it would prosper, that they would lack no good thing.
I bless them in the name of Jesus with supernatural increase over their finances.
Father, this will be a time of great debt cancellation.
As they go into this month, they're believing for supernatural increase, Father, with jobs and better jobs, raises and bonuses, benefits, sales and commissions, growth in business, growth in estates and inheritances, rebates and returns, checks in the mail, gifts and surprises, finding money, bills paid off, and bills decreased.
We believe, Father, that this is a time for supernatural turnaround in their finances.
When they look back, they'll say, 'We know, Father, our redeemer lives.
Look at what the Lord has done.
' In every area of our lives, we say, 'Look at what the Lord has done.
He is our provider.
He is Jehovah Jireh.
He takes care of us.
' And Father, we believe that you are the God that healeth us and provides for us.
Father, this will be a time like never before to go from glory to glory.
It's time for creative ideas to get wealth, creative ideas to prosper, creative ideas, Father, to spread your gospel throughout this whole world.
We believe it and we receive it tonight in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
I told you I wouldn't try to keep you too long tonight, and we'll pray again tomorrow.
I told you because I want you all to get up and go to church tomorrow for Easter.
I don't want to keep you so you say, 'Brandon, I stayed up praying too late with you, and I'm not going tomorrow morning.
' Go to a local church, support it, and get excited about what God's doing.
Easter Sunday is here, and it's a time that you want to be there.
Don't forsake the assembling of yourselves with your brethren, and get excited about what God is doing in these last days.
They need your smiling face.
Go and smile.
Be a light.
You might sit next to a person who's coming, and they've been wayward, and they're there, and you say something to them and they're like, 'You know what?
I'm glad I'm here,' just because you gave them a good smile.
Be that light in the darkness.
When you go out to eat tomorrow for Sunday dinner, and you go out somewhere, be a light to the waitress or waiter.
Show Jesus to people, because the only Jesus people will see may be the Jesus in you and the Jesus in me.
You need to be that light.
Let them see Him in your eyes tomorrow.
Show Jesus to the world tomorrow.
If you go out to Golden Corral or something and have a big buffet, show Jesus to the waiter by not trashing the table and leaving dirty dishes.
Stack them up.
Make things nice.
Give them a good tip and say, 'Hey, we just want to love on you.
' You have to show Jesus whenever you go to a drive-thru or do something.
Show Jesus to people.
Let them see it on you.
You might say, 'Hey, how are you doing today?
Man, it was a rough day.
' Sometimes you feel that way, but just show them Jesus.
So, we love you.
Maybe you have your new Easter outfit tomorrow.
You wear your new clothes.
My mom always used to try to get us new Easter clothes when we went to church.
I told Pastor Chip, I said, 'You've got to have a new shirt for Easter.
You've got to have a new coat for Easter.
Wear a new jacket.
Be a blessing to somebody.
Let them see Jesus in you tomorrow.
You've got to do it.
' Maybe you go out, like I said, and you have your new slacks on and your new shirt.
Maybe you have something new to wear for the Easter service.
My mom always tried to do that when I was a kid.
I remember getting new shoes.
What are you going to wear for Easter Sunday?
My sister would always get a little dress from my grandma.
We'd be excited to go to church as a family and have dinner that day.
Grandma would fix a meal.
It's always such a beautiful time.
Memories.
Make memories with your kids.
Make memories with your family.
It's good.
We love you.
We're so thankful that you came tonight.
I know I only kept you for an hour and a half.
I didn't dip real deep in the river tonight, but it was enough where I felt okay.
We covered the services and everything and just wanted to love on you.
Thank you for coming.
Thank you for being here.
We'll pray deeper tomorrow.
Diana will be with me, and we'll pray for Easter, so bring your family.
We'll pray longer tomorrow.
I'll come on earlier so you won't be up so late.
We love y'all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you.
Have a good night.
Bye-bye.